go ahead and just dive right in so just
to give you guys um a quick refresher
things that you've already heard from
brian things you've already heard
from your sales team to with saster
is that saster's core mission is
founders helping founders so this is the
intention in everything that we do from
a content perspective and so that's
always the question that we're going to
be asking to make sure that everything
we put on stage whether it's earned or
paid content um is has this intention a
founder is helping founders so you're
going to hear this
theme a lot throughout all of our
content and this
and throughout all of our planning
process with you too
so i'm going to go over our basic
speaker and content guidelines
as a reminder
this is all going to be included in your
speaker brief um for whatever event that
you're signed on to do so for europa you
will have your own speaker brief if
you've already been connected to us
you've already gotten that same for
annual it will have its own speaker
brief with all of this information and
much more in there um you'll always be
able to reference that um but we're just
using this time to dive in deeper so
we always just like to let everyone know
we're a little quirky here at saster
because we have very strict editorial
guidelines
we're very protective of the content
that we put out there
and we really do it because we've
learned so much over the course of the
past 10 years of putting out content and
hearing from attendees
and other speakers of the stuff that
really lands for everyone we also have a
lot of data on what sessions perform
best and what does uh really well on
youtube afterwards so everything related
to our speaker and content guidelines is
really um because of all of that data
and all that information that we've
gathered over the past 10 years
so all sessions no exceptions must
adhere to these content and diversity
guidelines we're going to go over the
highlights of all of these
so we do not allow any all male unearned
sessions so
this does include solo mail session so
every session must have at least one
woman speaker gender balance diversity
inclusion is a huge um important core
value of what we do at saster it's
something that we require for all of our
sessions and we've learned that um
sessions with diverse speakers and with
gender balance are always outperforming
those without
so this is a non-negotiable um this will
be a requirement for all of your
sessions um we're always going to work
with you to help provide feedback to
help give you some information on what
can make your topic a little bit
stronger what can make your slides a
little bit stronger we really want to
help you make your content really great
um but we never allow content that
doesn't help founders that doesn't help
the next generation um and we never
allow anything that is related to your
product or related to your company so
all sessions should be from a thought
leadership perspective um nothing
related to sales pitches or vendor
commercials this is something that
attendees really value about
sasser's content um is that we are
really really protective of this so
your topic should not be related at all
to your product and company just to
avoid any you know crossover or
potential for to go into that vendor
pitch we really suggest
that you do something about a best
practice um related to your speakers
that is not related to your company at
all
all content should be unique it should
not be something that you've previously
previously presented um at any other
event on any podcast um on any internal
um or any event that you or content that
you've put out from a company
perspective um it should always be fresh
and new
um and then we do require um that every
session has at least a speaker that's vp
level or higher
c-suite is always preferred and a
c-suite speaker is always going to
garner more
more attention from registrants too
so a few questions to start thinking
about what your topic could be
so
we always want to make sure once again
bringing it back is this helping
founders
thinking about whatever which speakers
you're using what are they passionate
about what is what are they tweeting
about what are things that they really
love to talk about um what are they
known for in the company um and what
strengths that they have that are not
related to the product or the company
that they can teach others
also anything related to data to survey
collection um things with real world
tangible results are always the most
helpful
continuing on um sessions with a notable
co-presenter always are going to
outperform those without so if you have
a customer or a partner um especially
one that is a household name a really
recognizable um brand especially one
that's related and relevant to a b2b sas
audience uh this is a really great
opportunity to bring that person in um
another colleague at your company is
also another opportunity to kind of
share two perspectives
of how you may approach x y or z topic
this also is a great opportunity for you
to figure out how to get gender balance
on your session
one another requirement that we have is
that everyone have slides so even if
you're a 10-minute session even if it's
a panel everyone has to have a sly slide
deck that they share while they're
presenting this is another thing that
we've learned over the years is that
people really love
engaging content and being able to see
more visuals so the slides really help
with that
we do have a branded saster template for
each event that will be shared with you
um and we do encourage um that you
use the act the last slide as well to
like do a little bit of a call to action
um for more information and on site for
where they can find your booth
so closing note here brian you may want
to jump into if you have any closing
thoughts on this but with all of these
rules
we review
all content that you provide to us
whether that be an outline your slide
drafts your final slides we review
everything with our full content team um
we will provide feedback to you to make
sure that it meets these guidelines but
we always reserve the right to remove
any session that does not meet these
guidelines
or that is too commercial or not
applicable to our audience
so
anything that does not meet our
guidelines and isn't able to be changed
um is subject to being labeled as
sponsored or potentially removed
entirely from the event in which case
your entire sponsored speaking slot
would be forfeited um no this is also
included in everyone's sales contract
too but obviously something that we
really really want to emphasize um never
the case that we want it to be um so
this is why we are trying to get started
with everyone early so that you know
about all the guidelines um but please
just be aware this is something um
that if it doesn't mean our guidelines
is something um that we will have to
resort to right
i think the only thing to pop in and add
taylor there is that this is really for
your benefit for your all of your
benefit and the reason why is because we
know
what our use what our uh our audience
engages with the most and what they
engage with is content that they can
resonate with
so if you're if the content is really
focused on that founders helping
founders mentality or that you know
you're helping you're helping a c-suite
organization uplift and enhance their
ability to to move and learn
it's going to it's going to resonate way
more you'll get more interaction you'll
have more people attend and that's
really what we're aiming for here so the
guidelines aren't built to try to
detract your ability to be successful if
anything they're the exact opposite and
i know we're a little bit funky in terms
of uh maybe other sponsorship speaking
sessions you might do for other with
other uh with other events but that said
it is uh this little intricacy is built
to help you and help our community so
that's how we that's how we get away
with it
yeah absolutely um
well we will move on to a few more
specifics um and of course if you ever
have any questions or want to run ideas
by us please please do
okay
so a few just reminders for both events
um your confirmed session day and time
cannot be fully set until you provide us
with your um topic and your speakers and
also just be aware that with changing
logistics on site um session days and
time are always subject to change in the
weeks leading up to the event um we also
keep a close eye on registrations too
and reserve the right to be able to make
any changes to make sure that um
everyone's capacity makes sense for them
so um please just be aware if you do
have some time preferences that you need
us to be aware of please share those um
but we do need uh topic and speakers we
finalized before we can fully confirm
another flag is that we always open up
session registration and the full agenda
in the weeks leading up to both events
and so we were
strongly strongly encourage attendees to
pre-register for sessions
and we do get a lot of um positive
response on this so it is something that
stasher attendees are really accustomed
to doing um so it's very critical that
we have your content and your speakers
finalized in order to maximize your
registration numbers so this is really
to put your best foot forward um and to
help you guys be able to fill the seats
um by when
being having all of your information
into us when we do that agenda watch so
super super important um
that we meet these deadlines that we're
gonna go over in a few more slides
so that you guys get the most exposure
for your session and for your speakers
and then all sessions um will be shared
with attendees after the event and
published our youtube channel
we typically release content after
annual on a rolling basis throughout the
following six months after the event
if you do have any restrictions related
to your content being shared please
please let us know
okay
so just a quick summary of some overall
content do's and don'ts
do have co-presenters and speakers that
meet our content and inclusion standards
reminder the gender balance you do have
to have a woman on every single session
make sure that you're picking a topic
your speakers are experts on and that
are
one that is not related to your company
or your product make sure your content
is original and hasn't been presented
anywhere else and that you are
presenting and creating engaging slides
we usually recommend depending on the
time of your session that you have five
to ten slides with a minimum of five um
and we also will include make sure that
one of those slides is a key takeaway
slide so that once again you're
capturing those really quick lessons
that you want founders to leave your
session with
and then please make sure a big
important do is that you meet all
outline speaker deadline and deliverable
dates so um once again this is just to
really put your best foot forward and
make sure that you guys are getting the
maximum time um and exposure on uh on
your content
some of the do some of the don'ts um
pretty self-explanatory at this point
but don't suggest solar all-male
speakers who do not meet our content
guidelines we will immediately push back
with you guys on that um don't make your
product uh don't make your session a
product pitch
avoid mentioning kobit 19 or the
pandemic at all in general everyone is
pretty tired of this content but also um
there are different tags and algorithms
that are um that catch the kobit 19 when
it's published on youtube so we wouldn't
want your content to be flagged at all
and affect your views um so just no
mention of anything related to covid um
another don't is that uh we do have a
restriction that 25 of your presentation
um cannot include your company branded
content pictures or details once again
just an effort to make sure that all of
our content is as vendor neutral as
possible
don't include too many speakers um you
want to make sure that you have balance
and diversity of thought and of course
gender inclusivity but um also want to
just be mindful of how much time that
you have and that you have speakers um
who can get enough airtime um and don't
disregard our team's feedback on your
speakers your topics outlines our final
slides once again um we're trying to
help and make sure that we can impart
all of the knowledge and feedback that
we hear from attendees to make your
session really great um and to ensure
that it meets all the guidelines
okay
so let's move into a few specifics about
each event moving on disaster annual so
um many people are maybe sponsoring
faster annual and or also both so if you
are the both of these um guidelines are
similar but everything will apply um to
you if you're an annual volunt or an
annual sponsor um highlights on the
event three day conference september
13th to the 15th we are back at the san
mateo county event center another fully
outdoors festival style event um and
we're expecting around 300 speakers um
thousands of mentoring sessions um and
more than 10 000 in-person attendees so
really really excited to be back in san
mateo
and
again for
annual these are the levels um of
sponsorships that you may fall into
unicorn decacorn diamond ecosystem
platinum platinum plus and super gold so
all of these have slightly different
times um but overall requirements are
the same so we'll just dive right in if
you are a unicorn a decacorn a diamond
and an ecosystem sponsor you have a
20-minute workshop session once again
all the same topics and requirements
apply
speakers and content must meet all the
guidelines you should have vp level or
speakers or above ceo and c-suite
speakers are always preferred and making
sure that it's not a sales pitch and
it's coming from a how-to perspective
if you are a platinum and platinum plus
you have a 15 minute workshop session
and same
guidelines apply for you as well
if you are
any of these uh
sponsor levels that we just mentioned so
basically unicorn to platinum plus
these are gonna be your guidelines by
the end of april so friday april 29th
you will be introduced directly to the
speaker team um so you may be if you've
signed already you may be introduced to
us in the weeks um earlier than that but
by april 29th everyone will be
introduced directly to us um we will
immediately start talking to you about
who your speakers are what your content
is and we will give you some
deliverables that you have to fill out
for us
within two weeks of connection to us
you have to submit um or you have to
schedule a content call with us so we
will do a one-on-one call with you and
your team ideally if your speakers can
be on it that's great too um and we will
go over all the logistics and a little
bit more of a deep dive into your
particular session also a great
opportunity for us to brainstorm a few
ideas so it's always strongly encouraged
if you can come with two to three
session ideas to that call
we can talk live about what your
possibilities can be
within a week of that call
we are expecting that your session
topics and abstracts be finalized
definitely this needs to happen by the
end of june 30th um
and then your hard deadline for your
first version of slides and outlines um
is tuesday august the 2nd
we have our event overview webinar for
speakers on thursday august the 19th so
an invite will come for that same setup
as europa you will it will be recorded
you will have access to it after we will
share it with all teams and all speakers
we do always encourage one person to
attend those and then the hard deadline
for slides is tuesday august 31st once
again um we have to review everyone's
content and also get it over to our av
team that has to load everything in
advance of the event
so please please make sure you're going
to hear about these deadlines a lot
and it's super important for you to hit
so that you can be set up for success at
the event
okay
moving on to super gold so if you are a
super gold sponsor at annual you will
have the 10-minute tear-down session so
this is that 10-minute breakdown how-to
session and all session and content must
meet all the guidelines and diversity
requirements that we've already talked
about
very similar guidelines um for super
gold with the exception that you don't
have to do a prep call before
your hard deadline for your sessions and
topic abstracts being finalized is
tuesday may 31st
um your outlines and your slide
deadlines are the same august the 2nd
and tuesday august 31st webinar is also
the same that august 19th webinar is
open to all speakers both sponsored and
unsponsored and we mostly are going to
be talking a lot about the event
logistics and what you can expect on
site
key reminders for you um is that you can
contact us the speakers team for
anything related to content always at
speakers at
um you can just review your the content
diversity guidelines um because they are
super super important so they are linked
here
um and you will get your speaker briefs
for all the dates and all the
deliverables if you haven't received it
already through your calendar invite but
they're also linked here the one for
europa and the one for annual too
so that's all i have
um
all of our contact information is here
we do have plenty of time for questions
if anyone has them
and we're always available at our alias
if you do have questions after
um brian i don't know if you had
anything else that um we may have missed
that we need to cover i think the
biggest thing and for for for us and to
just to remember for this year is that
the guidelines really really really are
taking a sharper look this year i know
that might be new for some of you that
have sponsored with us in the past where
maybe we're in sometimes we've been
more accepting but we we're going to be
we're getting back to more of a um
a uh uh what do you call it a uh
a consistent method for all this way
everybody is in line and we have uh we
have some consistency across everywhere
i think the second piece too just to
keep in mind is that these deadlines are
built
to make sure that we're all on track we
have a lot of content this year and in
order to get it done um and do it
properly and so that no one's rushed we
are going to hold to the guy to the uh
to the deadlines so
just a little heads up but we will get
it done and we're here to help you and
get it done with you uh and we look
forward to making these introductions as
we get started here um in the next
couple of days weeks so there you go
that's it taylor thank you yeah thank
you guys so much we're so looking
forward to working with everyone this
year and and working with you again if
you were a sponsor in the past um as
always we are here to help um and like
brian said we want it to just be super
successful for you and for attendees and
for you to get the most positive
feedback and have a really amazing
experience so
everything that we're providing feedback
on is really just to help you guys do
that
but of course please feel free to uh
give us shoot us any questions um and uh
happy to always provide feedback on any
immediate suggestions that you may have
for your sessions
thanks everyone